# Learning HDL Verification Progress Report
## August 8th 2025
Today is the first day of tracking how much progress I have made in regards to improving my Verification Skills. The main reason why I am doing this in the first place was because while taking ECE 411 at UIUC during my undergrad, I realized that my command of SystemVerilog, especially when it came to making testbenches and using them to debug, was a lot lower than I originally thought it was. My overall performance in that course left a sour taste in my mouth, especially when I know I am capable of doing a lot better. Additionally, computer architecture and SystemVerilog in general comes off as pretty interesting to me which is why I want to dive deeper into the world of HDL and see firsthand what more there is to learn.

I have so far been using [HDL Bits](https://hdlbits.01xz.net/) in order to practice and reinforce Verilog concepts properly. Today I finished all of the **Verification: Writing Testbenches** activities which helps go over very simple testbenches where after setting up the clock that will be driven into the instantiated DUT, you have to manually adjust the other inputs in an initial block by adding delays based on the configured timescale.

I would like to note that for each different type of testbench that I learn, I plan to make a testbench for testing an ALU for each ALU operation in the RISC-V ISA. Once I finish learning about all the different types of testbenches, I will try to then create testbenches for more complex architectures which will in turn allow me to focus on improving my design related skills as well.
